the see Ashley den smokin gradually
took
and I was really impressed by
particularly our secular students were
electrical visual appearance to open to
see information on the whiteboard
vegetable powerpoint presentation and so
we accept this might be actually
overcomes that song which is explained
in the features yeah I will go to the
Smart View graduate yard and this is the
calvinist action and it can be used for
pointing database or i can offer for
looking actually racing underneath are
looking at tays book but you can also
just swivel this in cabin right here to
look at and you are waiting words or
something in the distance Israel is
quickly should send it back at lecture
hall even some someone will eventually
finally finished book in the front which
will refine the information the doorpost
able to see then won't you contact it
does absolutely so use it and all the
tags are evidently you're having
difficulty looking at and it is bringing
up on your laptop screen I sure like
super micro confirmation on The Watcher
yet exactly and you can change the
colors and the size and that kind of
thing so I'm quite a lot like a mic or
just a little of you that's that and
you've got you deal with black blue and
yellow users a nexus varying so as well
as our selection Florida I believe it
has corrected capability in terms of you
know how far can zoom yes sir richard
wilkinson outside the window it doesn't
mean yes of roses all of the seahorse
the mental you can zoom and you can
quite a quick walk distances and it's an
automatic
and so we'll just we'll just try our
disability because okay who knows i'll
point the graduate carbonyl and those
scenes in caesars Edison we can we can
zoom out on and so it's just you have a
view of the chiropractor things if it's
the event of a CDO here there's a little
so you know it's your dick Nash Lazoo
men to the point where you can be
collecting all in there see entrance and
parking etc and it actually quite some
distance away if it is sortsa vote again
get an idea of how far away that is so
great for from him you're looking at
boards and things if you're in a lecture
hall